Implementation of post adapter write hook (#730)
PixarAnimationStudios/OpenTimelineIO: docs/tutorials/write-a-hookscript.md

```python
def hook_function(in_timeline,argument_map=None):
    adapter_args = argument_map.get('adapter_arguments')

>     if adapter_args and adapter_args.get('style') == 'nucoda':

Reviewer: nice catch

        for in_clip in in_timeline.each_clip():
            ''' Change the Path to use windows drive letters ( Nucoda is not otherwise forward slash sensative ) '''
            if in_clip.media_reference:
                in_clip.media_reference.target_url = in_clip.media_reference.target_url.replace(r'/linux/media/path','S:')
```

### Add an incremental copy of otio file to backup folder

Example of a post adapter write hook that creates a timestamped copy of newly written file in a hidden "incremental" folder

```python
import os
import time
import shutil

def hook_function(in_timeline, argument_map=None):
    # Adapter will add "_filepath" to argument_map
    filepath = argument_map.get('_filepath')

    backup_name = "{filename}.{time}".format(
        filename=os.path.basename(filepath),
        time=time.time()
    )
    incrpath = os.path.join(
        os.path.dirname(filepath),
        '.incremental',
        backup_name
    )   
    shutil.copyfile(filepath, incrpath)

    return in_timeline    
```

> Please note that if your "post adapter write hook" changes `in_timeline` in any way, it's up to the user to persist those changes 
> as the hook is run _after_ the file is written to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if a "post adapter write hook" changes `in_timeline` in any way, the api will not automatically update the already serialized file.  The changes will only exist in the in-memory object, because the hook runs _after_ the file is serialized to disk.
```
